Correctly return `ax` object for `TemplateSpatialModel.plot()` (#6636)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/release-notes/6636.bug.rst

> Return `ax` object with `TemplateSpatialModel.plot()`, adjust documentation for `TemplateSpatialModel.plot_interactive()`, add tests for both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes bug to return ``ax`` object for ``TemplateSpatialModel.plot()``.
```
